Who am I I'm betsey johnson i live in a
shoe oh where i can say how I stay young
and beautiful and energetic well it's
all fake I met magic and it's magic I
love my work and all that but I am tired
I had my big fashion show in New York
last night and I worked I got great
press I could feel when I came out to do
my cartwheel that and it wasn't it was a
killer show my bucket list I've never
been asked about my bucket list oh I
don't even want to think about now I'm
not gonna think about it actually I'd
have a fashion show where
the fans in the audience get up on stage
and parade and that's the show and that
they're all wearing my clothes actually
I think that's my funeral party I want
where everybody comes in my clothes from
vintage to whatever there is no right
there is no wrong it's all going on that
the choices out there for girls it's
amazing especially because they can go
on karmaloop and I mean there's just so
many options and price ranges and if
it's missing it will come believe me
this is Betsy Johnson and thank you for
watching karma TV
you